docs: Add PostgreSQL version update news post (#2390)
18F/cg-site: _posts/2023-8-1-postgresql-versions-update.md

---
layout: post
title: New versions of PostgreSQL supported
date: August 1, 2023

> excerpt: "PostgeSQL versions 13,14 and 15 are now fully supported on the platform"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "PostgreSQL versions 13, 14, and 15 are now fully supported on cloud.gov"
```

---

# New versions of PostgreSQL

> Cloud.gov is pleased to announce that all major and minor versions of PostgreSQL from 13.x-15.x are now supported and able to be used in conjunction with CloudFoundry applications. As part of this update version 15 will be set as the default version when creating a new PostgreSQL database. This enhancement empowers users with more flexibility and control over their databse environments while benefitting from the latest advancements in PostgreSQL database functionality and security. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud.gov is pleased to announce that the [PostgreSQL versions 13.x, 14.x, 15.x offered by AWS RDS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/PostgreSQLReleaseNotes/postgresql-versions.html) are now supported and able to be used in conjunction with CloudFoundry applications. As part of this update, version `15` is now set as the default version when creating a new PostgreSQL database on cloud.gov. This enhancement empowers users with more flexibility and control over their database environments while benefitting from the latest advancements in PostgreSQL database functionality and security. 
```

> - Note that users are still able to explicitly set any of the [currently supported PostgreSQL versions](https://cloud.gov/docs/services/relational-database/#create-an-instance) upon database creation with the following command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that users are still able to explicitly set any of the [currently supported PostgreSQL versions](https://cloud.gov/docs/services/relational-database/#create-an-instance) upon database creation with the following command: 
```

> ```cf create-service aws-rds <database-type> <databse-name> -c '{"version":"<desired-version>"}'```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
cf create-service aws-rds <database-plan> <database-name> -c '{"version":"<desired-version>"}'
```
````
